1- In which language is the following class specification written?
class Dog():
      def __init__(self):
#instance variables
      self.breed=""
       self.weight=50
#methods

- Answer: Python
Python does not use curly braces nor terminal semicolons.

2- Instantiating a class in many languages looks similar to that in C++, DinnerPlate *myPlate = new DinnerPlate(). What is the main difference between Python and Swift for achieving the same goal?

- Answer: the absence of the word new
Swift uses `let`, but neither Swift nor Python use `new`.

3- A class Dog has the following constructors:
public Dog() 
public Dog(String breed)
public Dog(int weight)
How would you instantiate a Dog with the weight set in Java?

- Answer: Dog Fido = new Dog(63);
The dog's weight is set to 63.

4- Which languages require the use of static to declare class-wide variables or methods?

- Answer: Java and C#
The word `static` can be confusing, because it implies that there is only one instance.

5- Which class diagram correctly specifies data types and default values?

- Answer: Asteroid
	  size: Integer=5
	  position: Coordinate=(0.5,0.5,0.6)
	  velocity: Coordinate=(1,0,0)
It helps to have standard syntax even in UML, as it makes later jobs easier.

6- Which is the function of a finalizer or destructor?

- Answer: to relinquish resources that are no longer needed

7- How would you declare a class variable in Ruby named maxScore?

- Answer: @@maxScore

8- A class diagram contains the following behavior specifications. Which data type is returned by the accelerate() behavior?
move(Direction)
accelerate(Acceleration): Velocity
setPosition(Coordinate)
explodePieces(Integer)

- Answer: Velocity
The return data type is indicated after the colon.

9- A class diagram contains the following behavior specifications. The explodePieces() behavior breaks up an object into a number of pieces. What is the data type for that number? The answer will take the place of the '???'.
move(Direction)
accelerate(Acceleration): Velocity
setPosition(Coordinate)
explodePieces(???)

- Answer: Integer
An argument is contained within parentheses.

10- For which case would the use of a static attribute be appropriate?

- Answer: the weather conditions for each house in a small neighborhood

11- In which language would you find the following declaration of an instance variable?
private var _size: Int

- Answer: Swift
The use of `var` is unique.

12- What other terminology is used for variables that are declared static?

- Answer: class or shared
Class or shared will imply that there is one variable used across the whole class.

13- What does the value (0.5,0.5,0.5) indicate in the class diagram specification position: Coordinate = (0.5,0.5,0.5)?

- Answer: a default value of the position attribute

14- In a UML class diagram, how would you write an attribute called Name that is a String data type and has a default value of Jane?

- Answer: Name: String = "Jane"

15- In the class diagram specification setSize(Integer):Integer, to what do the integer specifications refer?

- Answer: the data types for the argument, and return of the function setSize

16- Which line of Java code declares a public method called getName that accepts no arguments and returns a String value?

- Answer: public String getName()

17- Which line of Java code will instantiate a new object named Student from the Person class?

- Answer: Person Student = new Person()

18- Which is the purpose of a constructor?

- Answer: to initialize attribute values

19- The class Person has the following constructors:
public Person()
public Person(String name)
public Person(int age)
Which one will be called when a new person is created with the following command?
Person Steve = new Person(39)

- Answer: Person(int age)

20- Which restrictions apply to the use of static methods?

- Answer: They cannot act on instance variables, but only static variables.
Static methods can be applied to class-wide variables.

21- What does it mean if a class attribute is private?

- Answer: It can only be accessed from within the class.

22- How do you declare a private variable in Python?

- Answer: Python does not have private or public variables.
